1.  labels Featured

<h1 style="text-align: center;">

<u>2D Computer Graphics</u>

</h1>

2D computer graphics is the computer-based generation of digital
image-mostly from two-dimensional models (such as 2D geometric models,
text, and digital images) and by techniques specific to them. The word
may stand for the branch of computer science that comprises such
techniques, or for the models themselves.

2D computer graphics are mainly used in applications that were
originally developed upon traditional printing and drawing technologies,
such as typography, cartography, technical drawing, advertising, etc. In
those applications, the two-dimensional image is not just a
representation of a real-world object, but an independent artifact with
added semantic value; two-dimensional models are therefore preferred,
because they give more direct control of the image than 3D computer
graphics (whose approach is more akin to photography than to
typography).

<h2>

Raster
graphic

</h2>

<h2>

<img alt="" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-oJ1GJT6yDVw/UVXV0QwkAQI/AAAAAAAAAfw/ugQYfuLgM0o/s800/application-vnd.scribus_4x%2528raster%2529.png" style="height:192px; width:240px" />

</h2>

Raster graphics image, or bitmap, is a dot matrix data structure
representing a generally rectangular grid of pixels, or points of color,
viewable via a monitor, paper, or other display medium. Raster images
are stored in image files with varying formats.  
A bitmap corresponds bit-for-bit with an image displayed on a screen,
generally in the same format used for storage in the display's video
memory, or maybe as a device-independent bitmap. A bitmap is technically
characterized by the width and height of the image in pixels and by the
number of bits per pixel (a color depth, which determines the number of
colors it can represent).

<h2>

Vector
graphic

</h2>

<h2>

<img alt="" src="https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-TJI4KFJm5OQ/UVXV3L0rMLI/AAAAAAAAAfw/U01utEtY8sk/s800/application-vnd.scribus_4x%2528vector%2529.png" style="height:192px; width:240px" />

</h2>

Raster graphics image, or bitmap, is a dot matrix data structure
representing a generally rectangular grid of pixels, or points of color,
viewable via a monitor, paper, or other display medium. Raster images
are stored in image files with varying formats.  
A bitmap corresponds bit-for-bit with an image displayed on a screen,
generally in the same format used for storage in the display's video
memory, or maybe as a device-independent bitmap. A bitmap is technically
characterized by the width and height of the image in pixels and by the
number of bits per pixel (a color depth, which determines the number of
colors it can represent).

<hr />
